Adding a home page. (#45)
EndlessCodeGroup/ECInventory: website/docs/intro.md

sidebar_position: 1
---

> # General

Reviewer: Maybe rename "General" to "About Plugin"? 
But if we'll write on this page not only about plugin but also about "how to use these docs", isn't it better to leave "Introduction" here?

Author: Yes the introduction sounds better.

> > About plugin
> What is ECInventory for? It is a powerful tool for changing your inventory to your liking. With it, you can make your server even more atmospheric. You will be able to add a lot of new highly customizable inventories. Thanks to the Mimic API, ECInventory can use the capabilities of other plugins (MMOItems, MMOCore, QuantumRPG, SkillAPI, PROSkillAPI, Heroes, etc.).

Reviewer: Quote (`>`) is not needed here. It's better to split paragraph by sentences to make Git diffs cleaner when we change one of sentences:
```suggestion
## What is ECInventory for?

It is a powerful tool for changing your inventory to your liking.
With it, you can make your server even more atmospheric.
You will be able to add a lot of new highly customizable inventories.
Thanks to the Mimic API, ECInventory can use the capabilities of other plugins (MMOItems, MMOCore, QuantumRPG, SkillAPI, PROSkillAPI, Heroes, etc.).
```

> ---

Reviewer: I think? horizontal line here and at bottom of the page could be removed

> ---
> # Where to begin? And what functionality does ECInventory contribute?
> > - Allows create more than one inventory

Reviewer: It's better to separate heading from paragraph with spaces to make it visually cleaner:
```suggestion
---

# Where to begin? And what functionality does ECInventory contribute?

> - Allows create more than one inventory
```

Reviewer: Also, I think heading should be level 2 instead of 1, and better to make it shorter:
```md
## Features
```

> > - Allows create more than one inventory
> > - Inventories are stored in SQL database
> > - Inventories support almost all possible clicks including Shift + Click, hotbar swap and offhand swap.
> > - Binding different commands to left, right, shift left and shift right clicks
> > - Define allowed and denied items from others plugins (via Mimic)
> > - Define allowed and denied items ids using wildcard patterns, for example pattern *_sword allows to put any sword to the slot.
> > - Placeholders (via PlaceholdersAPI) can be used in inventory names as well as in slot names, descriptions and commands.
> > - Admins can open other player's inventories and modify its content

Reviewer: Symbol `>` is used for quote, so I don't think it is needed here. Also, let's change the list slightly:

```suggestion
- Create multiple inventories for players
- Inventories are stored in SQL database
- Inventories support almost all possible clicks including Shift + Click, hotbar swap and offhand swap
- Binding different commands to left, right, shift-left and shift-right clicks
- Define allowed and denied items from others plugins (via Mimic)
- Define allowed and denied items IDs using wildcard patterns, for example pattern `*_sword` allows to put any sword to the slot
- Placeholders (via PlaceholdersAPI) can be used in inventory names as well as in slot names, descriptions and commands
- Admins can open other player's inventories and modify its content
```
